## Ryan Jacobs

I created the controller and service class unit tests in this repo. They can be found under /src/lib/services/test, /src/lib/controllers/test, and /src/lib/utils/users/test.

There are service class tests for parties, users, and messages. The party service tests cover when a user creates a party, gets a party's details, and updates a party's details. I made sure to cover cases where a specified party does not exist. It was important that our backend failed gracefully and didn't crash. I was able to use any invalid party id to illicit an error. The user service tests cover when a user is created, deactivated, joins a party, and when a user's data is changed. I made sure to cover cases where a user did not exist in our database or a party did not exist in our database. I was able to use any invalid party id or user id to illicit an error. The message service tests cover when a message is created. Just as in the user test cases, made sure to cover cases where a user did not exist in our database or a party did not exist in our database. Again, I was able to use any invalid party id or user id to illicit an error.

There are controller class tests for parties and users. The party controller tests cover when a party is created and when a user requests party information. I used SuperTest to mock API calls to our server. I also covered cases when a party could not be found. When an party does not exist a 422 error response is returned. I simply did not create a party for these tests. When a response has an invalid party id a 500 error response is returned. I input an arbitrary party hash to get this error to happen as the party hash needs to exactly match the one in our database. The user controller tests cover when a user uploads new information, like a new name or avatar. I created a lot of test cases to cover error events. I have a test for when the user enters an invalid name. In this case, anything other than a string will result in an error. I have a test for when the user enters and invalid avatar URL. The URL needs to be a string so any other datatype will return an error. I have tests for when the user id or party hash are invalid. I simply did not create a new user or party and any value entered would illicit an error.

There are two small tests inside of the /src/lib/utils/users/test/index.spec.ts file. I created these tests to verify that new usernames and avatars were being created correctly. There aren't exactly any errors I need to test for as these functions do not throw errors. Consequently, there was only a single equivalence class for each function I was testing.

## Rohan Krishnaswamy
